fix(hl2): DC-block AM/SAM demodulated audio (#4774)
aethersdr/AetherSDR: CMakeLists.txt

add_test(NAME hl2_rxdsp_test COMMAND hl2_rxdsp_test)

# The RX DSP must demodulate at every IQ rate the operator can select by zooming.
add_executable(hl2_am_dcblock_test tests/hl2_am_dcblock_test.cpp)
target_include_directories(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE src)
target_link_libraries(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE aethercore Qt6::Core Qt6::Test)
add_test(NAME hl2_am_dcblock_test COMMAND hl2_am_dcblock_test)

> 

Reviewer: Done in 36f04cc5 — and taken one step further than the suggestion: the DC-block block now carries its own why-comment in the style of every other block in that section, and `# The RX DSP must demodulate at every IQ rate…` is back immediately above `hl2_rxdsp_rate_test`.

> # The RX DSP must demodulate at every IQ rate the operator can select by zooming.
> add_executable(hl2_am_dcblock_test tests/hl2_am_dcblock_test.cpp)
> target_include_directories(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE src)
> target_link_libraries(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE aethercore Qt6::Core Qt6::Test)
> add_test(NAME hl2_am_dcblock_test COMMAND hl2_am_dcblock_test)
> 
> add_executable(hl2_rxdsp_rate_test tests/hl2_rxdsp_rate_test.cpp)

Reviewer: The new block landed *between* this comment and the target it describes — "must demodulate at every IQ rate the operator can select by zooming" is about `hl2_rxdsp_rate_test`, and now reads as a caption for the DC-block test. Every other block in this section carries its own one-line why, so the fix is to give this one its own and put the displaced comment back where it belongs:

```suggestion
# AM/SAM come back from WDSP's envelope detector with the carrier as a DC
# pedestal; the blocker on the audio output must strip it without touching the
# modes that were already zero-mean.
add_executable(hl2_am_dcblock_test tests/hl2_am_dcblock_test.cpp)
target_include_directories(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE src)
target_link_libraries(hl2_am_dcblock_test PRIVATE aethercore Qt6::Core Qt6::Test)
add_test(NAME hl2_am_dcblock_test COMMAND hl2_am_dcblock_test)

# The RX DSP must demodulate at every IQ rate the operator can select by zooming.
```

Reviewer: Landed in 36f04cc5.
